Welcome to the channel, so today we will be talking about production instead in post models. So what is a post model right, post model is something that you are going to do something and discuss after you've had production instead. You have had a war, you spent hours, multiple people, right, multiple teams, all of you screaming, shouting, yelling, hopefully not, hopefully it's more civilized and professional, right, and you go through your job and come up from an incident. And now what, so let's discuss. So a post model report is really, you know, something that empowers a response team, right, to review its efforts and drive meaningful improvements, right. So the fact that you had an incident, so many of you gathered, resolved, incident, now it's time to reflect on it, right. And potentially do some, get some improvements around that, whether it was the response itself or preventing that response. So let's focus. First of all, you need to capture the details of the incident, remember the discussion of the previous videos, or how, what Tier 2 does, so it's really capturing that detail in that incident, right. What happened, how many people impacted, what, what services, right, anything else surrounding that sequence, cross a logic of events, you need to capture all of that. The root cause, remember again, Tier 2, they are trying to identify the source of the problem, sometimes they can't do it, it goes to Tier 3. So let's capture that root cause. The actions take it, right, did Tier 2 resolve it, Tier 3 resolve it, what different as, what tools were used to dine dogs, analyze, resolve, right, some patches, some software course, some cleanups, right, you remote the stopping into a user, a vendor giving you a patch, right. So many different things could have happened, don't forget any of the details, timeline, an incident taking an X amount of time to get resolved is an important benchmark, right. You want to understand what is your capabilities of your organization to fix an incident, right, of a certain magnitude, does it take you half hour or an average does it take you, six hours of average, right. What does that mean to you in terms of business, in terms of loss of usage, right, loss of revenue, use of goodwill, right. There could be so much impact. So that timeline is critical to understand how much time did it take you, what are the events that happened in that timeline. You go back and understand what are the key takeaways from that, understand what worked, what did not work, right. Did you have to escalate to management, right to get some things done, that should not be the case, right. You should all work very seamlessly and no need to yell, no need to scream, no need to escalate, right. Some things no need to call up consultants, right, spend unnecessary high amounts of dollars. So let's try to understand what works, what does it work, and try to see if you can make certain improvements in your process with skills, you know, whatever else changes can be suggested. Some of those are not going to be quick fixes, it's going to take you some time to resolve and improve the systems of people or processes. And some of them might be easier, you'll just do it next week and you'll be done and next time that incident happens, you'll be able to resolve it much sooner. So let's try to understand that. So, you know, again, it's a very critical part, you know, that review process post-partum, so it's important to keep that practice and not just do an incident, forget about it, right. Let's try to go back to it, try to learn from it. I think it's a good practice and I'm always encouraging it in my organization. So, the next video I'm going to talk about is hiring and staffing, a production support organization. This is a very tricky area. Like I said to you, not everybody loves production, not everybody understands productions, like not everybody likes to work in production. So how do you hire and staff? So with that, I'd like to thank you for joining me today. Subscribe to my channel and I look forward to you in my next video.
